Add blog post for week 25 (#680)
packit/packit.dev: content/posts/weekly/June-2023.md

  [dashboard#293](https://github.com/packit/dashboard/pull/293),
  [dashboard#294](https://github.com/packit/dashboard/pull/294),
  [dashboard#295](https://github.com/packit/dashboard/pull/295))

## Week 25 (June 21st – June 27th)

- If you are interested about the manual triggering deployed two weeks ago, David Kornel and Jakub Stejskal published [a blog post](https://fedoramagazine.org/how-to-use-testing-farm-outside-of-rhel/) about this on fedoramagazine.org.

> - Copr builds configured as a monorepo job will now be built in one Copr project together. The bug with overwriting the statuses for monorepo jobs was fixed as well. ([packit-service#2097](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/2097))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copr builds configured as a monorepo job will now be built in one Copr project together. The bug with overwriting the statuses for monorepo jobs has been fixed as well. ([packit-service#2097](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/2097))
```
